Video_01_Red

Caption:
I spent a long time putting myself at the back of the line. #ad  #FelixPartner

When I finally started my weight management journey, one of the biggest barriers wasn’t motivation. It was cost.

If you’ve been curious about weight loss medication, or getting support for weight management, but felt overwhelmed by the process or unsure where to start, you’re not alone.

One of the reasons I partnered with @felixhealthca is because they’re making weight loss treatment more accessible for Canadians. Their online program connects you with licensed healthcare practitioners trained in weight management, along with ongoing support, educational resources, and tools to help you stay on track. 

And recently, Felix reduced pricing on their weight loss treatment plans, with savings of up to 50% on some plans.

You deserve support. You deserve answers. And you deserve to be taken seriously.

Learn more through the link in my bio.

 #WeightLoss #WeightManagement #weightlossjourney

Transcript

(0:00 - 0:49)
I almost didn't start my weight management journey and the reason is a little embarrassing. It was expensive and my husband wanted to start first so I waited. I told myself it made sense, we couldn't both do it at the same time. 

It was fine, I'd go next and I just want to sit with that for a second because I think a lot of us do this and honestly I think a lot of women do this. We find the version of the reason that sounds practical, that sounds like we're being a good partner or a good mom and we put ourselves at the back of the line. What I know now one year in is that I deserve to go first too and if cost has been the thing holding you back, Felix recently reduced pricing on their weight loss treatment plans with savings of over 50% for some plans.

(0:49 - 1:13)
They connect you with licensed Canadian healthcare practitioners trained in weight management all online. Their program also includes ongoing support, educational resources, and in-app tools like medication and progress tracking to help you stay consistent along the way. No waiting room, the link is in my bio if you want to learn more or explore your options.

